# Questions:
Given two non-empty linked lists representing two non-negative integers. The digits are stored in reverse order, and each of their nodes contains a single digit. Add the two numbers and return the sum as a linked list.

# Solution:
In order to add two linked lists, we will use anoter linked list to store the sum. 
1.Create a placeholder node called dummy to hold the resulting linked list.
2.Initialize a pointer called curr. This pointer will keep track of the last node in the result list.
3.Initialize a variable called carry to 0. This variable will store the carry value during addition.
4.Start a loop that continues until there are no more digits in both input lists (l1 and l2) and there is no remaining carry value.
5.Inside the loop:
1)Check if there is a digit in the current node of l1. If it exists, adding it current value to carry and move to the next nodes.
2)Check if there is a digit in the current node of l2. If it exists, adding it current value to carry and move to the next nodes.
3)Calculate the unit digit of carry by taking the modulus (%) of sum by 10 and attached this digit in curr.next for the result.
4)Move the curr pointer
5)Update the carry variable by dividing sum by 10 and taking the integer division (//) part. This gives us the carry value for the next iteration.
6)After the loop, obtain the actual result list by skipping the dummy node.
Python:

```CPP
class Solution(object):
    def addTwoNumbers(self, l1, l2):
        dummy = ListNode()
        curr = dummy
        carry = 0
        while l1 or l2 or carry:
            if l1:
                carry += l1.val
                l1 = l1.next
            if l2:
                carry += l2.val
                l2 = l2.next
            curr.next = ListNode(carry%10)
            curr = curr.next
            carry = carry //10
        return dummy.next
```
